hey everybody this is Paul I'm here at
Allen Ed's all the sound in Los Angeles
we just finished working on our latest
project a 2005 Chevy Silverado and what
we've gone ahead and done in this
vehicle is added a small little backup
camera and built a custom box using two
of the Fosgate deep three shallow dual
2-ohm woofers out of the thousand watt
alpine MRX amp a four channel Alpine MRX
f-35 a pioneer a bhp 2400 VP and some
full scale component speakers so bring
you inside - so the unit fits in the -
perfectly looks very OEM we went ahead
and ran an eye pop cable so I call just
sitting here the steering wheel controls
have been hooked up so
you guys are here to hear it sounds
absolutely amazing
the Pokal speakers were installed in the
factory location where the bose speakers
were inside the panel we also mounted
the full count weeders up in the
a-pillars and made a little cover for
them they look totally factory likes the
newer GMC trucks and what else can I
show you let's take you to the back and
show you what we've done in the back of
the car Pioneer unit does have a really
nice interface so audio functions and
we've got a nice eight band EQ to fine
tune the vehicle make it sound a little
bit better we also have a subwoofer
control level so we can vary the
subwoofer level right from here in the
car I'll go ahead and get out of that
it's amazing how low these subs are
going in here
see also replace the division of seekers
and brushes with titanium tweeter here a
four channel all the wires are run the
sellers are perfectly touch me I'm old
so my astonishment at the heart of the
system Bob beat shallow stuff behind the
back seats in a custom-built box three
quarter inch MDF